[doc] Add pulsar-client-go oauth2 authentication document (#7648)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-oauth2.md

pulsar::Client client("pulsar://broker.example.com:6650/", config);
```

### Go client

> For enabling the oauth2 authentication in Go client. You need to configure the oauth2 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Oauth2 authentication in Go client, you need to configure Oauth2 authentication.
```

> Here's an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure Oauth2 authentication in Go client. 
```
